<?xml version="1.0" encoding="ISO-8859-1" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<title>Insert title here</title>
</head>
<body>

<audio id="remoteAudio" controls>
	<p>Your browser doesn't support HTML5 audio.</p>		
</audio>
<script>
import { Simpleuser, SimplesUserOptions} from "sip.js/lib/platform/web";

//Helper function to get an HTML audio element
function getAudioElement(id; string): HTMLAudioElement{
	const el= document.getElementbyId(id);
	if (!(el instanceof HTMLAudioElement)) {
		throw new Error (`Element "${id}" not found or not an audio element.`);	
	 }
	return el;
	}
	
//Helper function to wait
async function wait (ms: number): Promise<void> {
	retrn new Promise((resolve) => {
		setTimeout(resolve, ms);
	});
}

// Main function
async function main(): Promise<void> {
	// SIP over WebSocket Server URL
	// The URL of a SIP over WebSocket server which will complete the call.
	// FreeSwitch is an example of a server which supports SIP over WebSocket.
	// SIP over WebSocket is an internet standard the details of which are
	// outside the scope of this documentation, but there are many resources
	// available. See: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7118 for the specification.
	const server = "wss://127.0.0.1:5066";
	
	// SIP Request URI
	// The SIP Request URI of the destination. It's "Who you wanna call?"
	// SIP is an internet standard the details of which are outside the
	// scope of this documentation, but there are many resources available.
	// See: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3261 for the specification.
	const destination = "sip:1061@127.0.0.1";
	
	// SIP Address of Record (AOR)
	// This is the user's SIP address. It's "Where people can reach you."
	// SIP is an internet standard the details of which are outside the
	// scope of this documentation, but there are many resources available.
	// See: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3261 for the specification.
	const aor = "sip:1060@127.0.0.1";
	
	// SIP Authorization Password
	// This is the user's authorization password used for authorizing requests.
	// SIP is an internet standard the details of which are outside the
	// scope of this documentation, but there are many resources available.
	// See: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3261 for the specification.
	const authorizationPassword = "1234";
	
	// Configuration Options
	// These are configuration options for the `SimpleUser` instance.
	// Here we are setting the HTML audio element we want to use to
	// play the audio received from the remote end of the call.
	// An audio element is needed to play the audio received from the
	// remote end of the call. Once the call is established, a `MediaStream`
	// is attached to the provided audio element's `src`attribute.
	const options: SimpleUserOptions = {
			aor,
			media: {
				remote: {
					audio: getAudioElement("remoteAudio")
				}
			},
	  userAgenteOptions: {
		  authorizationPassword,
		  authorizationUsername,
		 }
	};
	
	// Construct a SimpleUser instance
	const simpleUser = new SimpleUser(server, options);
	
	// Supply delegate to handle inbound calls (optional)
	simpleUser.delegate = {
		onCallReceived: async () => {
			await simpleUser.answer();
		}
	};
	
	// Connect to server
	await simpleUser.connect();
	
	// Register to receive inbound calls (optional)
	await simpleUser.register();
	
	// Place call to the destination
	await simpleUser.call(destination);
	
	// Wait some number of milliseconds
	await wait(5000);
	
	// Hangup call
	await simpleUser.hangup();
}
	// Run it
	main()
		.then(() => console.log(`Success`))
		.catch((error: Error) => console.error(`Failure`, error));
</script>

</body>
</html>